#summary Developers should discuss the code here
#labels Featured

=Code Discussion=

This page is meant for the developers to discuss the code and talk about different ways to implement certain things.

==Wiring user interface==

The wiring user interface is completely different from KLogic. Wesley's idea is to implement it like this:

  * When in _wire mode_ user clicks and holds the left mouse button on an item to draw a wire between that item and another item
  * When the mouse cursor is over another item, the shortest possible/allowed wire between the two items should be shown
  * When the connection is invalid, there should be an "invalid" icon over the target item
  * When the connection is valid, there should be an "input" or "output" icon in front of the target icon, connected to the wire.
  * When the target is an item which is capable of input AND output (like logic gates) the chosen mode depends on the source item:
    * Source item is an input item: wire will be an "out" connection from source to target
    * Source item is an output item: wire will be an "in" connection from source to target
    * Source item is an input AND output item: connection type will be decided depending on which side of the target item the mouse cursor is located. Visual feedback (input/output icon) will help the user
  * When there is no target item and the end of the wire is an empty space, a connecting dot item will be created. Other wires can be connected to this dot item, or the dot item can be replaced by another (real) item.
  * New wires can be attached anywhere on existing wires; a dot item will be created.
  * Wires should snap to certain pixel positions.
  * Items should snap to certain pixel positions (to improve alignment of items).
  * Every item should have a property which decides on which sides it can send or receive signals.
  * There should be a small offset between the item and the connected wire, the offset should be a small straight line (like in KLogic)
  * Location of multiple input wires on the same side of an item should be equally divided among the available space of that side of the item.
  * Multiple output signals on the same side should start from the same point (center).
  * Wires should move together with the item they are attached to when the position of an item is changed

*Please post comments about this design approach below this line!*